Kapil Bisht
Associate Consultant, Liquidhub Analytics Pvt. Ltd. (A Capgemini Company)[Feb' 2016 to Feb' 2020]
Gurugram, Haryana
E-mail- kapilbisht.1@gmail.com, kapilbisht1989@hotmail.com 
Mob- 9899154397
www.linkedin.com/in/kapil-bisht

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Working as an associate consultant in Liquidhub’s EDM CLP Unified Operations Practice. As part of EDM CLP Unified team gathering client’s requirements to analyze and prepare Microsoft’s volume licensing reports. Generating reports to partners, to expose revenue opportunities, helping customers to take care of their software assets. Quality assurance for performed tasks. Gathering client’s requirements and managing license position accordingly. Prior to joining EDM CLP Unified, also worked approx. for 2 years in the Checkout project of NPD Group, primarily where assigned task is to research and analyze the data to draw accurate conclusions and present viable solutions in a timely manner. Performing data validation and cleansing and ensuring the accuracy and completeness of data. Making and managing the reports that compile and visualize data as per business requirements. Quality assurance for performed tasks. Kapil holds a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology from the HNB Garhwal University, Uttarakhand and Master’s in Computer Application from Graphic Era University, Uttarakhand.

⮚	CONSULTING COMPETENCIES: Project Coordination, Problem Solving, Data Visualization, Reporting & Analysis, Business Insights, Communication Development, Design and Delivery, Industry Research and Analysis.
⮚	TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES: Microsoft’s Power BI, Microsoft’s SQL Server, SQL, Excel, Power Query, DAX, Power Pivot.

SECTOR EXPERIENCE: IT & Software Services Sector.
LANGUAGES: Hindi, English

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Microsoft’s EDM CLP Unified (Sep’ 2017 – Feb’ 2020)
⮚	Managing remotely located client’s/vendor’s and gathering requirements to analyze license position accordingly.
⮚	Developing compelling and interactive analysis reports and dashboards using advanced DAX.
⮚	Generating reports to partners, to expose revenue opportunities, helping customers to take care of their Microsoft’s software assets.
⮚	Integrated custom visuals based on business requirements using power BI desktop.
⮚	Maintaining volume licensing details to database according to the latest organizational information.
⮚	Managing Microsoft partners globally.
⮚	Quality assurance for performed tasks. 

Key Deliverable-
⮚	Designing and development of reporting data module for Microsoft’s Volume Licensing.
⮚	Developed Up-selling and Cross-selling reports using DAX functions.
⮚	Creating Row level security with power bi and integration with power bi service portal.
⮚	Developed profit analysis reports and dashboards by products and customers
⮚	Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
⮚	Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
⮚	Developed analysis reports and visualization using DAX functions like table function, aggregation function and iteration functions.
⮚	Created reports using time intelligence calculations and functions.
⮚	Worked on all kinds of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily.
⮚	Executed dashboard setups and data manipulation using DAX.

PRIOR EXPERIENCE
NPD Checkout (Feb’ 2016 – Aug’ 2017)
⮚	Researching and analyzing the data to draw accurate conclusions and present viable solutions in a timely manner.
⮚	Performing tasks like data validation and cleansing and ensuring the accuracy and completeness of data.  
⮚	Making and managing the reports that compile and visualize data as per business requirements.
⮚	Quality Assurance for performed tasks.  

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
⮚	Databases: MS SQL Server
⮚	Operating Systems: Windows Environment
⮚	BI Tool: Microsoft Power BI (Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service)
⮚	Advance Excel, SQL, DAX, Power Query, Power Pivot

HIGHER EDUCATION
⮚	Graphic Era University – Master’s in Computer Application (2010 - 2013)
⮚	HNB Garhwal University - Bachelor of Science (IT) (2007 – 2010)
